[theme music]
[solemn music]
[Jin] The uniform of the mages
of Jeongjingak.
As the mage of Jeongjingak,
maintain dignity
and exercise diligence
in practicing spells.
The Spirit Plaque
given to the mages of Jeongjingak.
[gasps]
Those who possess this plaque
are permitted to access each
and every part of Songrim and Jeongjingak.
Our Book of Regulations.
Obey the rules within,
and if you violate them,
prepare to receive appropriate punishment.
Jang Uk, rise and bow to the leader.
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[Sang-ho] Jang Uk, turn around
and bow to your fellow mages.
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
continues playing]
From this moment forward,
first son of the Jang family, Jang Uk,
is a mage of Jeongjingak of Songrim.
[relieved exhale]
[chuckles]
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
continues playing]
-[mage 1] Congratulations.
-[mage 2] Congratulations.
-[mage 3] Good for you.
-[mage 4] Awesome.
[mage 5]
It feels like it's just yesterday…
[Dang-gu] All right. Okay, okay, everyone.
[shushes]
Ah…
So tonight, there will be a welcome party
for our new fellow mage, Jang Uk.
Let us all gather at Chwiseonru.
-[Songrim mages exclaim]
-[maid Kim] Everything in Chwiseonru.
including all of the food and drinks
has been paid for by the Jang family.
So, my dear mages,
enjoy and drink like there's no tomorrow.
[mages cheering applauding]
[mages chanting] Jang Uk.
Chwiseonru. Chwiseonru.
It feels like just yesterday that
Jang Gang brought that little baby here.
But this day has finally come.
[chuckles]
In the end, this day has finally come.
Yes.
Hey.
Take this with you.
What is it?
Uh, raisin tree pill.
You take it before you start drinking.
If they're going to drink
like there's no tomorrow,
then, why shouldn't we show them
what we can do?
[clicks tongue]
I do not get hangover
even without such things.
Uh, you're not as young as you used to be.
[quirky music playing]
I don't need to hear that from you.
See? Look, you have gray hairs.
It just looks like that in the sunlight.
[chuckles]
Is that so?
I mean, do you not see
how silky my hair is?
[both chuckle]
Such beautiful hair.
Ah.
I'll just hold on to this.
-Huh.
-Ah. Take it.
[snickers]
[somber music playing]
Madam Do-hwa.
Young Master Jang
is a mage of Jeongjingak,
just like Gwanju Jang Gang then.
[maid Kim shudders]
Are you happy?
[somber music continues playing]
[relieved exhale]
[Mu-deok] You have come so far
since that day.
[Jang Uk] I knew you'd be my master…
as soon as I saw them.
Naksu.
I want you to be my master.
I would never have imagined such nonsense.
[Mu-deok] If you do survive this,
I will agree to be your master, okay?
[Jang Uk] Master.
I finally did it.
["Aching" by Kassy playing]
Mu-deok.
How does it look on me? Is it good or not?
I'm not sure. What would I know
about fancy clothes?
Master… how does your pupil look?
Well, it looks all right when it was
Yul and Dang-gu wearing it, but then…
but then, it looks even better
on my pupil.
[soft music playing]
Keep it short.
I can't breathe.
Master.
Thanks so much.
[chuckles softly]
All right, Mu-deok.
Why don't we go drink now?
Jang Uk, wait a minute.
-Uk, this--
-Young master, you look incredible.
-[Jang Uk and maid Kim laugh]
-Young master.
You should take this before you drink.
It's a raisin tree pill from Master Heo.
-Ah…
-Oh, good idea.
But we should share it.
Right, they're good
for preventing hangovers.
-Ah…
Ah.
[whimsical music playing]
[maid Kim] Mm.
Ah. [clears throat]
-Oh, right? Ah…
-Mm-mmm.
Huh?
Wait, no.
I was really going to give you this.
I swear.
[maid Kim] Mm.
Maidservant Kim, come back.
Please take it. I swear I didn't taste it.
Maidservant Kim, please.
[foreboding music playing]
[queen] The one born under the King's Star
has joined Songrim.
His father, Jang Gang
brought forth the ice stone,
and started using sorcery
and he was born from that sorcery.
He will bring catastrophe upon Songrim.
So why do you think Jang Gang did it?
He could have ruled the world
if he made his son king and obtained
the strength of Hwansu with the ice stone.
Why blocked his son's gate of energy
and seal away the ice stone again?
It's because he is weak.
-[Jang Gang crying]
-[Jin Mu] He could not handle it,
so he blocked Uk's gate of energy
and fled.
[crying]
Perhaps it was him…
who killed Gil-ju.
If he has returned…
If it were Jang Gang, he would not have
exposed himself to the people.
I suspect the man known as Master Lee.
We must increase our power
before Songrim gets more involved.
[Jin Mu] Ten years ago,
we found the ice stone that Jang Gang
had sealed away way over there.
[Jin Mu gasps]
You finally found it.
Bu-yeon.
Hand over the ice stone to me.
[Jin Mu] To find the ice stone
at such a young age…
that child had indeed possessed
extraordinary power.
[queen] Jin Ho-gyeong still doesn't know
that her daughter, Bu-yeon, is dead
and still searches for her, yes?
Which is why I am going to find her.
I will find the daughter
she desperately seeks,
and make Jin Ho-gyeong my own puppet
who does exactly as I demand.
How do you intend to find a child
who is dead?
If the real Bu-yeon is gone,
then I'll make a fake one
she can't help but believe it's real.
[foreboding music playing]
Here. Eat this.
Did you say you hadn't eaten
since leaving Sari Village?
[woman 1 sighs]
[breathes sympathetically]
Here, take it.
Have this, at least.
[ominous music playing]
[woman 1] Eat it slowly.
[woman 2] Why is she going to the capital
by herself when she can't see?
She's looking for a friend.
[woman 1] She says that friend stole
all of her belongings
and ran off to Daeho Fortress.
Oh, poor thing.
Do you know where your friend is?
Can you tell me her name?
It's Mu-deok.
The friend I'm looking for
is named Mu-deok.
-Mu-deok?
-How will she find her?
-[indistinct chattering]
-[woman 3] Wow, this is so fresh.
[chattering continues]
-[vendors shouting]
-[customer] Rice cakes for sale?
[woman 1] Wow, what a lovely day.
Oh? Mom, I want that.
-Please, Mom.
-Goodness, with what money?
I want it.
What's gotten into you? All right.
All right, fine. Fine, hang on.
Huh? My purse.
-My coin purse.
-What's wrong?
Uh, I lost my purse.
My coin purse is gone.
-[woman 1] My gosh, what do I do?
-[woman 2] Oh, my ring.
-My god! My ring is missing as well.
-Oh, no.
[ominous music playing]
[playful music playing]
[exhales deeply]
What?
Ugh, it's barely even anything.
[scoffs]
And the ring looks cheap, too.
[sighs]
I gave them such a good sob story
but in the end, it wasn't even worth it.
[celestial music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[crowd chattering]
[instrumental music playing]
[mages] Cheers, Jang Uk.
[instrumental music continues playing]
-Uk, they're asking for you over there.
-Oh, yeah, yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
More.
-Please enjoy.
-Yeah.
[Songrim mages cheering]
[brooding music playing]
[Seo Yul] So then you knew
who I was this entire time.
[Mu-deok] Seeing as it's in your
possession instead of your friend's,
I'll take it that your friend
is no longer here.
[brooding music continues playing]
Young Master Seo Yul?
Mu-deok, you're here.
I mean, why are you just sitting here?
Did you not want anything to drink?
No, I did. I drank a lot.
I'm pretty drunk.
You don't look drunk at all though.
I am.
So I've lost my way.
I lose my sense of direction easily
when I'm upset.
Well, you can't really
get too lost around here.
Come on, get up. I will see you off.
Did you get hurt?
-You've done something dangerous.
-[Mu-deok sighs]
You're scolding me again?
Please let it go this time.
I'm not in a position to scold you.
Because I'm the one
who's in the wrong right now.
You're the one in the wrong?
Yes.
I have always walked the right path
and never wandered from it.
But at this moment, I stepped off.
[Seo Yul] And I'm holding your hand.
[sighs]
And I'm not sure where I ought to go.
[breathes deeply]
You'll be following me.
Since you're holding on…
let's go.
The reason you get lost when you're having
too many thoughts is that
you're thinking too many things
all at once.
When that happens, focus on one thing.
For now, focus on me.
Just follow me, okay?
["Just Watching You"
by Jeong Se-woon playing]
All right. I'll focus only on you for now.
Young Master Seo.
Something's bothering me.
May I ask you about it?
What is it?
Earlier, you said
you saw an illusion of me.
What did it say to you?
It said that it loved me.
-What?
-Why so surprised?
You used to say that quite often.
Uh, I mean, that's…
Was that… was that a lie?
Oh, no, it's true but then, um…
Yeah. I do.
["Just Watching You" continues playing]
In return…
Did he believe that?
If he does, it'll be awkward.
[both chuckle]
All right, all right, that's enough.
-All this is thanks to you.
-[Heo Yeom grunts]
Madam Do-hwa would be happy as well.
[in drunken voice]
Now I can
feel a bit less sorry
towards Madam Do-hwa.
You've done absolutely nothing wrong,
Master Heo.
She was doing fine in her hometown,
but I brought her to Sejukwon
and that's where she met
that bastard Jang Gang.
She was such a kind girl.
How could I have done that to her, huh?
How could I have done it?
Jang Gang, that awful scoundrel…
Master Heo, you're drunk right now.
This is all your fault.
What? How?
The reason I brought her here
was just to introduce the two of you.
However, look at you…
[groans]
…with that face and your social status,
how could you fail to secure
a lady's heart?
Damn, damn, damn, damn!
How could you? Damn it all.
[maid Kim] Mm-hmm.
It's true.
Master Heo did set everything up for you,
but you just could not win her over.
[quirky stringer plays]
I, too…
did everything I could.
I wrote her poems.
I sent her gifts.
But you did not tell her your feelings.
[maid Kim] Hmm? "I love you."
"Please be my lady."
You just could not bring yourself
to say those two things,
and so you let someone braver
than you take her. Did you not?
Does one really have to say the words?
You should know just by looking.
That's torture for the one looking.
You think they're close,
but they're still far away.
When you think they're gone,
they come back.
You need to say it with words
so they don't look elsewhere
and look only at you,
and they can wait for you.
If they look elsewhere
merely because I said nothing,
then let them.
If they do, if they go elsewhere then,
it can't be helped.
Uh. It can't…
[maid Kim sighs]
Hmm. You can drink without me.
-[maid Kim sighs]
-Where are you going to?
I am going elsewhere. Elsewhere.
Maidservant Kim. Come back.
Please stay. Let us… drink to--
Let's drink together.
[Jin] Maidservant Kim. Come back.
-[Heo Yeom] Oh, dear.
-[Jin] I'll be waiting.
-He's gonna get rejected again.
-[Jin] Maidservant Kim.
-Maidservant Kim.
-Oh, dear.
[indistinct chatter]
[Master Lee]
So this is where the people drink.
Everyone is waiting inside.
We should go in too.
For the sake of my training,
I don't drink.
I have to return to Danhyanggok soon
seeing that my tea has just run out.
-Just pack some food for me.
-[Sang-ho] As you wish.
[background chatter]
[sighs]
[Master Lee] The smell of women's powders
and the fragrance of drink.
This place has nothing to do with me.
[pensive music playing]
[maid Kim in drunken voice]
I love him.
And I love him not.
Or I love him.
Love, not, love, not…
Ugh. What am I doing?
Ugh, never mind.
[playful music playing]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Oh, no, what do I do? Wh-what…
Ugh. Right.
Oh.
[playful music continues playing]
[grunts]
[screaming]
[maid Kim grunts]
[tranquil music playing]
[maid Kim gasps softly]
[thrilling music playing]
Ah.
[chuckles softly]
[whimsical music playing]
[gasps softly]
So you're a mage.
[maid Kim chuckles softly]
Master Lee?
You are Master Lee, aren't you?
[chuckles]
I'm the Jang family maidservant.
I serve Young Master Jang.
Mm.
Thank you so much.
Oh, no need. Don't worry about it.
[Master Lee] Huh?
[maid Kim] Ah.
It's…
[Master Lee] Oh.
Oh.
-Oh, yes.
-[maid Kim grunts]
[both exclaim]
[romantic music playing]
[chuckles softly]
[maid Kim] It must have gotten tangled
when you caught me.
Give me a moment. Let-- let me do it.
All right. Please allow me.
[whimsical music playing]
[chuckles]
There you go. Mm.
[maid Kim sighs]
I wanted to say thank you anyway
and I've been wondering when you'd come.
Gosh.
There.
[sighs]
Huh?
Where'd he go?
Master Lee?
[Master Lee gasps]
[quirky music playing]
[gasps]
[sultry music playing]
Is it because I haven't had
chaste herb tea in days?
[heart pounds, moans]
SEJUKWON
[doctor] I'm afraid Master Heo Yeom
isn't here at the moment.
But he was very much looking forward
to meeting you, Young Lady Heo.
Please come in.
[Sun-i grunts]
If it's a welcome party
for the new mage of Jeongjingak,
Master Heo may return quite drunk.
It's true. Grandfather does love to drink.
My lady, shall we also
try heading over to Chwiseonru?
I mean, isn't your future husband
going to be there tonight?
-What?
-I heard everything from your mother.
There are mages that your grandfather
has picked out for your future husband.
I hear that the heir to Songrim,
Pank Dang-gu,
and Seo Yul from the Seo family are on it.
I did not come here to get married.
I came here to assist
with the royal infirmary.
Do you think the Crown Prince
might be on the list too?
-With your beauty, my lady--
-Sun-i, please.
Did you already forget
how embarrassed we were…
the last time?
Oh, we should have gotten the name right
of that annoying mage so that we could
tell Master Heo about what he did.
I know.
We should have asked for his name
at least.
[soft music playing]
Are you all right?
I wonder if I will get…
to see him again.
-[liquid pouring]
-[Heo Yeom] Mm.
Uh, that's good.
[Heo Yeom groans softly]
Uk, since you seem to have a favor
to repay me,
promise me something.
-What's that?
-One day,
no matter what I ask of you,
you must do exactly as I say.
Yes. All right. I promise that.
Ah. Wait.
Before you promise, there is something
that I want to ask you.
I am only asking since you have
a connection to Master Lee.
Have you perhaps started
the chaste training?
No way. Never.
I have never done any chaste training.
No. You haven't, have you?
Of course not. I need to get married
one day, so why would I?
-That is such nonsense.
-That is very good news. Hah!
[Heo Yeom snickers]
You can go on the list. Huh?
You, you, you. You're all on the list.
[cackles]
Make sure to thank Master Lee.
Because if he hadn't stepped in then,
things would have been much worse.
Yes.
You mastered Naksu's Tansu of all things
and you almost got into trouble.
Well, Uk even considered seeking on Naksu
to be his master once.
[ominous music playing]
What do you mean by that?
What?
Oh. Uh, back when he couldn't find
a master
who was willing to open his energy,
he just said it as a joke.
Jang Uk, did you actually…
say something like that?
Yes, that's right.
Yul, tell him what punishment
awaits a mage who tries to use sorcery.
If someone does it,
their energy flow will be cut off
so they'll never cast spells again.
They'll be exiled from Daeho,
and their descendants will never be mages.
Remember it well.
Do not ever dare to say such things again.
Why is using sorcery always a bad thing?
What?
Regular magic can also be used to kill.
And sorcery can be used
to save a person's life too.
No matter what you decide to choose,
I believe that what matters is
whether their intentions are pure,
not the method that you choose to use.
Does that mean
that you would actually use sorcery
if you thought
it would save someone's life?
If I could save someone's life
with the power of sorcery…
yes, I would do it however I could.
[tense music playing]
You… you! How dare you? Huh?
How dare you say such things?
And as a… new mage of Jeongjingak?
You know what,
if you're going to say such things,
you had better give back
my torrent of energy.
[huffs]
-My Lord.
-What is it?
His Royal Highness, The Crown Prince
is on his way to meet Jang Uk.
[man 1] Your Highness.
Welcome.
[thrilling music playing]
[oriental music playing]
[man 2] His Highness, the Crown Prince.
Show your respects.
[tense music playing]
I came because I heard
there was a party here,
but it seems as though I've ruined it.
In truth, this party
is thanks to me in the first place,
which makes me feel
that I ought to be welcome here.
So why the silence?
I am sure what Your Highness
truly wished for was
my funeral instead of a wonderful party
like this,
so though I can't greet you in tears,
it would be disrespectful
to greet you with a smile, Your Highness.
[tense music continues playing]
[Go Won scoffs]
Be it a party or a funeral,
where many people gather,
there should be drinks.
So I've brought a jar for you.
What if something happens again?
My Lord, you should go down there.
Let's wait to see what happens.
[Go Won]
To congratulate Uk for defeating me,
I will pour him a drink.
-[liquid pouring]
-To Jang Uk, who became a mage
after opening his gate of energy
just six weeks ago.
Congratulations.
I may have lost my duel with you,
however, as the Crown Prince, I'm happy.
To have such a great mage like you
in Daeho
is something worth celebrating.
Accept this drink
and climb to even greater heights
to become the very best mage
and make all of Daeho proud,
Jang Uk.
Thank you very much, Your Highness.
Let me also pour you a drink, sire.
[tense music playing]
May you be a great king too,
Your Royal Highness.
[breathes deeply]
You'll be a great king, Your Highness.
[all applauding]
[dramatic music playing]
Thank goodness.
The Prince doesn't hold grudges.
Not at all.
[laughs]
[Jin] The Crown Prince,
heir to the throne.
And the boy who was born
under the King's Star.
[Ho-gyeong] Two of Jinyowon's
precious treasures have been broken.
They're useless now. They hold no energy.
So burn them.
Go throw the ashes in the lake.
Yes.
Lady Jin, Master Jin has returned home.
[gasps]
My father is here?
Cho-yeon.
-[Cho-yeon chuckles]
-My wife.
Father.
[Cho-yeon] Father.
[chuckles]
[U-tak] Oh, goodness, Cho-yeon.
[laughs]
Look at you. You've grown.
-Even more beautiful.
-[both laugh]
[somber music playing]
I have returned.
I found her on an island in the south.
She lost her parents at a young age
and has no memory of them… at all.
She seems to be
about the same age as Bu-yeon.
Is there anything that you've
always carried with you
ever since you were a child?
[U-tak] Unlike Bu-yeon,
she cannot detect energy,
and doesn't know how to cast any spells.
There's a chance that she lost her powers
while she was away from Jinyowon.
But if she is of my bloodline,
that fact will not have changed though.
If you truly are Bu-yeon
of the Jin family,
this door will prove it to us.
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm not the lost daughter of this family?
[sighs]
No, it seems not.
But to thank you for coming, I'll give you
more than enough to get back.
Do you think Mother will get angry again
out of disappointment?
[Cho-yeon] What should we do, Father?
[sighs]
[somber music playing]
[somber music continues playing]
[birds chirping]
[Bu-yeon] Mother.
The bird in the cage has died.
You are right. Poor thing.
Up until yesterday, I could feel
the faint warm energy.
But now, there's nothing.
Although I'm able to see,
you still noticed this first, Bu-yeon.
All the things in the world
actually have energy,
and I see the world through that energy.
Bu-yeon, you may not be able to see
the things the way other people do.
But you are a very special child
who sees things that they can't.
[soft chuckle]
You made me a new eye mask for me.
Mother, can you put it on me?
[U-tak sighs]
Ho-gyeong.
Don't be so disappointed.
I didn't have high expectations anyway.
So you'll bring just anyone?
So you're just pretending to please me.
And that is why
we still haven't found her.
I'll, uh…
I'll go out and start searching again.
That's enough.
Actually, Jin Mu is going to help us
find Bu-yeon.
Your half-brother?
But I thought
that you could hardly stand him.
Even if that's true,
as long as he finds Bu-yeon,
it's fine.
I'm more than willing to work
with Jin Mu if I must.
-[guards grunt]
-[So-i groans]
I told you I'm looking for someone.
A girl here called Mu-deok.
Things are far too busy tonight.
Come back next time.
[laughs softly]
I get it now.
You don't know who I am.
Who could you be?
I'm a mage from an incredibly
famous family.
Do you want me to prove it with my energy?
[suspenseful music playing]
Ow!
You're lucky.
Had there been energy in my hand,
you'd already be dead.
I'm sorry. Forgive me, My Lady.
This is just a brothel selling drinks.
You-- you discriminate?
The mages from Songrim Jeongjingak
are having a celebration inside.
-Songrim?
-[guard 1] Yes.
And the Crown Prince himself is here
as well, so things are quite hectic.
I heard that she got sold
to the biggest brothel here.
But this is no ordinary brothel.
If you tell me which family you're from,
I'll go and announce you.
No need. I'll come back next time.
What's going on?
Who was that?
[guard 2] She said she's a mage
from a famous family.
I think it's Jinyowon.
I just glimpsed it, but the sash
around her neck had Jinyowon's crest.
Jinyowon?
Well, that makes sense
since Jinyowon's mages have a reputation
for being very rude
and difficult to deal with.
Are you all right?
Yes. It doesn't hurt very much.
It's strange.
She wasn't very strong for a mage.
-Maybe she was lying?
-That crest could be fake too.
You could be sentenced to death
if you're caught pretending to be
of a mage family inside Daeho Fortress.
Very suspicious.
[men laughing, chattering]
[So-i] I guess mages really do have
the most power in Daeho Fortress.
Mu-deok has to be in there somewhere.
I think I need to live off of her
for a while.
If I tell her I came to return this,
she'll let me stay.
After all, she's so kind.
[clicks tongue]
-[man] Who goes there?
-Oh, that startled me.
[all laughing, chattering]
Wait for me outside.
[guard] Yes, Your Highness.
She should be running after me by now.
One, two, three.
[sucks teeth]
Four, five…
[Mu-deok] Your Highness.
Your Highness.
I, Filthy Mu-deok, was once again touched
by your immeasurable generosity and spirit
as vast as the ocean.
Yes. I forced myself
to overlook this matter.
If I had it my way,
I would tear the place apart
but as I said before, I don't wish to be
at odds with the Songrim mages.
What? You think it's petty?
Choosing to hide the feelings
that might have been petty
was actually a very wise
and highly intelligent decision.
I'll only show my pettiness to you,
Filthy Mu-deok.
Knowing how unbearable it must have been
to pour him a congratulatory drink
when what you really wanted to do
is poison him.
I just had to come see you
as fast as I could.
I hate your master so much,
it's gut-wrenching.
Oh, of course you do.
I hate him so much,
it makes me sick to my stomach.
Yes, I'm sure it does.
I also really hate seeing you…
rooting for him.
[somber music playing]
My generosity was for your benefit.
Filthy Mu-deok.
If you ever try to get involved in a fight
between me and your master again,
I'll have to kill you first.
[somber music continues playing]
Even if I die one day
by Your Royal Highness' sword,
I still will never resent you.
So you'll stick by your master
even if it kills you?
What a loyal servant.
Shall I build a statue of you
by that outhouse?
Oh. Well, Your Highness,
I'm honored to receive your recognition.
Never mind. Go back.
Before my ocean of generosity dries up.
-Your Highness.
-What? What? What do you want?
[stutters] Do you have a death wish
or something?
Is your… your injury healing well?
[sighs]
Well, you took your time asking.
Don't worry about it.
It wasn't such a great attack.
And Heo Yeom already took care of it.
You were just caught off guard
because you expected nothing
from my young master,
but Your Royal Highness
is clearly much stronger.
Of course, I am.
But who knew Jang Uk was gonna use Tansu?
What a cheater.
[Jang Uk] All right.
[fly buzzes]
That sachet that she hung by the toilet
to get rid of the flies?
Where is the sachet I gave you?
Why?
I was just wondering if you hung it
by the toilet for the flies.
I have it right here.
Why would I put something so precious
by the outhouse?
Right? I knew you wouldn't dare
to do that.
Very well.
Safe travels, Your Highness.
[quirky music playing]
[sighs]
-[mage 1] What are you doing?
-[mage 2] Oh, for goodness' sake.
-[Mu-deok] Young master.
-[mage 2] Leave me alone.
[Mu-deok]
Will you please wake up, young master?
-Hey.
-[Dang-gu] Look at him.
He's gonna be out of it until tomorrow.
He's a lightweight,
but he drank every glass
the Crown Prince offered.
I mean, why didn't you help him out,
Dang-gu? How come you're okay?
[Dang-gu] I mean, well, I…
I was busy singing, so…
[Sang-ho] Put down the palanquin.
Only those who are authorized
can enter Songrim.
If you are not of Songrim,
you must go back.
You cannot enter here.
I am Mu-deok.
I'm the servant of Young Master Jang.
You know that.
Until now, you were allowed
to enter Songrim
as a servant of Jang Uk who was a guest.
But not anymore.
Jang Uk is of Songrim now but you are not.
So you must go back.
But what's going to happen
to Young Master Jang?
He's completely drunk.
I need to take care of him.
Servants of Jeongjingak
will take care of your master from now on.
[Mu-deok] No. Wait.
But I need to be there
to take care of him.
Please let me in.
You should really just let her in.
Uk will throw a fit if she's not there
when he wakes up.
Not a single Jeongjingak mage has ever
been permitted to bring a servant.
Now that Jang Uk is a Songrim,
he must abide by our rules.
Then I really can't enter the gate?
That has always been the rule.
For now, you should go home.
I will bring Uk once he wakes up.
Jang Uk cannot leave.
Until he's done with his basic training,
he's not allowed to leave Songrim.
-[Sang-ho] Another of our rules.
-[gasps]
That's true. It was like that for us.
[Mu-deok] You mean
I cannot enter and he can't come outside?
So we can't be together at all?
Now you understand.
You should start heading back with them.
No, wait…
[enigmatic music playing]
[Mu-deok grunts]
It's Jang Uk's first day at Jeongjingak.
You want him to break the rules
on his first day?
[Mu-deok grunts]
[panting]
[Mu-deok] Young masters. Please let me in.
[sighs]
[Sang-ho] If you two stay here,
she'll not leave.
And if the leader finds out,
then she will be punished.
Let's go inside.
Mu-deok, go home just for now.
We will try to find a way for you.
[Dang-gu] Uh…
Young master.
Please take me with you.
[sighs]
Oh, my goodness.
[Heo Yeom cackles]
Grandfather, I hope you've been well.
Yes, of course.
Wow. You've grown up so much
since the last time I saw you, huh?
Master Heo, one of the mages
collapsed at the party.
He was brought here
with irregular breathing.
Uh, goodness, I'm sure he's drunk.
You can treat him yourself.
But it's Jang Uk.
The one you gave your torrent of energy.
Ja-- Jang Uk? Jang Uk?
[Heo Yeom] Uk? Uk?
[grunting, sighs]
[soft music playing]
[Yun-ok] It's the mage from that night.
Oh. Uh, Yun-ok, come here.
All right.
[Heo Yeom sighs]
His gate of energy had been closed
until I opened it for him.
I gave him my torrent of energy.
His name is Jang Uk.
[chuckles]
"Jang Uk"?
Yes. But this boy mastered Ryusu
in just one month.
He's a genius.
[chuckles]
-In only a month?
-Yes.
He is… very impressive.
[grunts]
Oh.
[soft music continues playing]
Uh…
well, I'm quite drunk, so I should go
and get some sleep, huh.
Will you take care of him?
-[Yun-ok] Oh.
-Yes? Okay.
Yeah, Grandfather.
[snickers]
Oh.
[door closes]
[soft music playing]
So it seems we meet again.
Jang Uk, the mage.
[soft music continues playing]
[sighs]
I've come too far to give up right now.
I'll stay until they let me in.
[rain pattering]
Really?
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
[grunts]
[grumbles]
Hmm.
Mu-deok.
Ugh, your young master is dying here.
My head is spinning like crazy.
[sighs]
[enigmatic music playing]
[rain pattering]
[Mu-deok] Jang Uk.
If you leave me…
I swear I'm gonna kill you.
[emotional music playing]
Young Master Seo Yul?
I was worried you'd still be here,
and I was right.
I'm not going to leave.
I will not be separated
from my young master.
Waiting here won't solve anything.
If you stay here, Uk will break the rules.
And then all his hard work
will have been for nothing.
I guess you're right.
For now, go home and wait.
I'll take you.
Please tell Young Master Jang,
no matter what happens to me,
I will come to find him in Songrim.
["Just Watching You"
by Jeong Se-woon playing]
So tell him just to hang in there
for a bit.
All right. I'll tell him.
["Just Watching You" continues playing]
Ugh, my head.
[sighs]
That damn prince…
Mu-deok.
-I need water.
-[Sun-i] Who is Mu-deok?
Hmm. Hmm?
Who are you?
You don't remember? We met at the inn.
-Huh…
-[Sun-i] Misunderstanding!
You were staring only at my lady
the entire time you were following us.
Oh, right, So… Sun…
Yeah, Su… Sun-i.
What are you doing here?
Young Lady Heo is the granddaughter
of Master Heo Yeom of Sejukwon, you see.
I see.
Small world, right?
If she tells Master Heo
about how rude you were that day,
you're for sure be on his bad side.
That old man never really liked me anyway.
Go ahead and tell him, okay?
[Jang Uk sighs]
Wait, you're not even going
to thank my lady, at least?
But she took care of you all night long.
Wait, she really did?
-[swords rasp]
-[both grunt]
But she cannot tell him that.
[Jin] So you have met Uk before?
Sir.
Apparently, Yun-ok
happened to be in some trouble
and Uk was there to help her out.
Oh…
Uk is not the type of person
to help someone voluntarily.
What are you saying about
Young Master Jang?
-[Jin] Hmm?
-I hear you came from Wol Fortress.
Both myself and Young Master Jang's mother
are from there, as well.
Ah. Is that so?
Perhaps it's because you're from there
that you remind me very much of her.
[maid Kim chuckles]
It seems you and Young Master Jang
were meant to meet.
[chuckles]
[maid Kim chuckles]
If people from the same hometown
look alike,
then she should also look like you.
Huh?
But you look nothing like each other.
[Jin chuckles]
I don't understand.
Maidservant Kim, you're wonderful,
but you tend to exaggerate things
and jump to conclusions
without using logic though.
What does that mean?
Are you trying to imply that I'm a liar?
I didn't say that at all.
[Jin] See what you just did.
You got overly upset
and referred to yourself as a liar.
All right. Fine.
I am a liar, is that right?
An easily upset one.
When did I ever call you a liar though?
Oh, come on, we both know
that's what you were just saying.
You're the one who keep saying "lie."
-I never said that.
-Now you stop…
-What kind of relationship do they have?
-[snickers]
You know…
they are not a couple, uh, quite yet
but they also kind of already are one.
Goodness. Who started getting angry first?
They seem to be close,
but aren't together.
-You said lie first and I…
-[Heo Yeom] But that man,
he has no idea what's going on whatsoever.
-Ah.
-Exasperating.
Unbelievable.
We have solid evidence and witnesses
over here as well.
So what? I should be scared?
[Heo Yeom snickers]
Uh, why don't you tell us more details
about how you ended up meeting Uk?
-Uh, well…
-[Jang Uk] Young Lady Heo.
Oh.
I sincerely apologize
for the interruption.
Young Lady Heo, can we talk for a moment?
-Oh, uh, sure.
-Ah.
If you have something to say, say it now.
Uh, it's something between
just the two of us.
-[gasps]
-[Jang Uk] Come with me.
Oh. What do you think it's about?
Young Master Jang.
That's extremely serious.
He did? And judging by how Yun-ok
followed along,
there must be something between them.
-[giggles]
-Such as?
Can't say.
[cackles]
Oh.
[maid Kim and Heo Yeom laugh]
I'll just go and see.
Leave them alone.
[grunts]
Leave them alone, you stupid.
I thought you two said
you were curious though?
How can you have so little sense?
He is completely hopeless.
[Heo Yeom] It's like an incurable disease.
Just sit down.
[Heo Yeom scoffs]
Why is it… always me?
Uh, what do you want to talk about?
Have you told anyone about
what happened that day, by any chance?
[Yun-ok] Following me
all the way to the inn puts me
in an uncomfortable situation.
Your looks don't impress me.
I wasn't following you,
so you're wrong there, too.
I haven't.
I wouldn't talk about something
so embarrassing.
I know you don't think that I'm pretty
and I know you didn't follow me.
How could I have told them
something I'm embarrassed to think about?
You…
you must think that I'm thoughtless.
Oh, no, that's not
what I was talking about. No.
The soul shifter.
I was talking about the soul shifter,
the one that attacked you last night.
You mean that person
really was a soul shifter?
[sighs] Yes, but if word gets out,
it will be very bad.
So I'd appreciate it if you could
just keep it between us.
Well, you did save my life,
so I will keep your secret for you.
[sighs]
I appreciate it.
Now that we share a secret,
I guess we should introduce ourselves.
Well, my name is Heo Yun-ok.
My name is Jang Uk.
Yes, I know. I heard.
Yes, I heard that as well. The old man…
I mean…
Master Heo is always bragging
about his granddaughter.
My grandfather talked about me?
What could he have said?
-What?
-It might embarrass you if you hear it.
Really?
"My granddaughter is as beautiful
as a fairy from the Moon Palace."
Don't tell me he's telling people that.
Yeah, he said we are all going
to be blinded by your beauty.
I'm sorry it was not though.
-Ah.
-[nervous chuckle]
[both chuckle]
This is very embarrassing.
Oh, Grandfather.
Well, that's how the old man--
No, no. Wait, I mean…
I mean, that's how Master Heo
expresses his affection.
He also talks about my mother like that.
I was also told
that I resemble your mother.
I guess this is what my grandfather thinks
fairies look like.
What?
Do I not look like her?
[tranquil music playing]
I don't know.
I never got to meet her.
How could I meet a fairy
from the moon, right?
So it's difficult for me to say.
[Yun-ok chuckles softly]
So has your stomach settled by now?
Yeah. I heard that you stayed
right by my side the whole night.
[soft chuckle]
Yes.
I thought you were my servant, Mu-deok.
I apologize for my rudeness.
[soft chuckle]
I-I brewed some tea that cures hangovers…
[tranquil music continues playing]
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
I hoped you'd have some.
SEJUKWON
[Jang Uk] Uh, hello, excuse me. Uh…
have you seen Mu-deok today?
I'm certain that
she came with me yesterday
-but I don't see her.
-I'm sure she went home.
[soft chuckle]
Uh… but I'm still here though.
Are you saying she just abandoned
her drunk master?
From now on, Young Master Jang,
Songrim servants will help you.
Mu-deok is not of Songrim,
so she's not able to enter.
But, wait…
[Dang-gu] It seemed like…
Mu-deok thought she would be able
to follow Uk here after he joined Songrim.
I could imagine she was excited
about getting to see you everyday.
She must be sad.
[rain pattering]
[pensive music playing]
Right. I wonder if she'll be all right.
[sighs]
Uk must have found out.
He must be on his way to meet uncle.
Ugh. He'll never approve of it.
Not a single mage
has ever been given the right
to bring in their personal servant.
I cannot make an exception just for you.
Why?
You made an exception to keep me
out of here for the past 20 years.
So why not make another exception?
Is this because the master
who taught you Tansu…
lives outside of here?
[tense music playing]
I'm asking you directly
do you need that servant
to communicate with your master?
Master Lee has already proven
that that isn't true at all.
He saved you from a crisis
but people are still talking.
Some even say that
the person who taught you
was your own father, Jang Gang.
[scoffs]
After saying
he wasn't my father for so long,
now they're saying
that my father taught me?
When there are special exceptions,
people tend to talk.
And your quick mastery of Ryusu
and usage of Tansu
is indeed out of the ordinary.
[tense music continues playing]
Are you…
really intending to attract attention
by making people talk about you?
[tense music intensifies]
[Jang Uk] I can't make him suspicious
and draw attention to Mu-deok.
He could find out she's a soul shifter.
If you say it's not permitted,
then I understand.
So you're saying that
you'll follow the rules without a fight?
Yes.
After everything I've gone through,
I can't risk my place here
for a mere servant like her.
[sighs]
I need to buy a Songrim's Spirit Plaque
from the black market.
Can you help me?
How can you ask that
after seeing someone get stabbed over it?
Also, if you get caught sneaking in
or out with it, you could be killed.
I really have to stay right by his side.
Young Master Jang needs me right now.
That is not true. At least not anymore.
He may have needed you when he was
on the run and training himself.
But now, he successfully entered
Jeongjingak.
There will be servants there
who can tend to him,
and the mages of Songrim
will help him train.
What is there for you to do for him?
Why would he need you, huh?
[sighs]
The leader has put me in charge
of your basic training.
I will be your teacher from now on,
so I'll drop the titles.
All right, I look forward
to learning from you.
[Sang-ho clears throat]
This is our Book of Regulations.
And these books are about the virtues
and prohibitions of Jeongjingak mages.
Until you have memorized them,
you're forbidden to leave
the training center. Understand?
Yes, I understand. I'll follow the rules.
Begin…
[clears throat]
[clicks tongue]
…with these.
Young master.
Maidservant Kim.
How did you get in here?
I thought you might get locked up
in the secret room again
for disobeying the leader.
But look at you standing here,
ready to study.
I am just so proud of you.
As you should be.
You have every right to be.
Since you raised me so well.
Hmm. [chuckles]
But I must say,
this table is much too low.
Huh?
And the chairs are hard too.
As you know, I'm quite taller
than most others.
So it's uncomfortable.
But it's too bad that the rules
can't be changed.
[maid Kim] Hmm.
What is your relationship
with the Young Lady Heo?
What did you talk about with her?
Oh, her. Nothing important.
Oh. I need to read all these books.
So you should probably go now.
Or should I stay and grind the ink stick
for you while you study?
Oh. No, I need to prepare
all the materials myself.
They say those are the rules, you know.
-Ah. The rules.
-Mm-hmm.
All right, then.
I'll just be on my way now.
I'll see myself out.
-[chuckles]
-Oh. But, wait.
Please take good care of Mu-deok.
I bet she's worried about me right now.
What does she have to worry about
when you're doing so well?
I bet she's happy.
To be honest, don't you think
she's been through enough?
In that mountain valley,
she had to cook three meals a day
to suit your fussy appetite,
prepare your baths,
and wash all your clothes.
Do you know how much work that is?
Mu-deok really did go through a lot.
I'm going to take her out
to go see flowers and eat tasty food.
I'll take good care of her.
Without you around, Mu-deok can relax.
[serene music playing]
Is that right?
[Mu-deok]
Jang Uk has already achieved his goal.
Perhaps he wants to get rid of
a master like me.
He abandoned 12 other masters after all.
I should have poisoned him again
or maybe use blackmail.
Maybe I trusted Jang Uk too much.
[Ju-wol] Mu-deok. Mu-deok.
Mu-deok.
You found a Spirit Plaque?
No, but you should consider
taking a test to enter Songrim.
You want me to become a Songrim mage?
[scoffs]
Are you mad? That's ridiculous.
No, it's not that.
Songrim is currently hiring.
The competition is so fierce
they're even holding a contest.
Contest you said.
RECRUITING SERVANTS FOR SONGRIM
Ugh. They're only hiring servants.
What do you mean? You are a servant.
I-I know. But I'm not an ordinary servant.
I'm not doing this.
Why are you so angry? Huh?
Do you know how hard it is to pass?
Mu-deok, you look exhausted.
Have some chicken before you go.
Hah. Goodness.
Maidservant Kim.
Are you coming from Songrim?
You saw the young master?
Yes, I just went there.
He's doing very well.
What does he want me to do now?
When is he coming for me?
He wants you to stay here and be happy.
Enjoy the flowers
and go eat delicious food.
He said to enjoy flowers
and eat good food?
Yeah.
[soft chuckle]
And he didn't say when he would come
to see me at all?
He can't leave because of the rules,
you see.
[sighs]
He's determined to follow the rules now,
so I have no worries anymore. None at all.
[laughs]
[Mu-deok] So Uk has no intentions
of keeping me by his side.
Mu-deok.
Do you know which woman the Young Master
has feelings for by chance?
I wonder if it could be
the young lady I saw today.
A young lady? He met someone already?
You see, he told me
that his heart belongs to a woman
who is like a bird's egg
at the top of a tall tree.
["Raindrops" by Gummy playing]
[maid Kim] Apparently,
he is the only person she has.
I could tell how much he cared about her.
You understand when a man feels that way.
He's in love.
["Raindrops" continues playing]
But I am Uk's bird's egg though.
[Mu-deok] Bird's eggs.
Master, let us stay forever loyal
and dutiful to each other.
[Jang Uk] I came back from the dead,
thanks to you.
My crazy master.
[chuckles softly]
[Mu-deok] As master and pupil,
our relationship can only last until
you become the best
and help me get my energy back.
Then the contract's over.
As soon as my energy returns
and I become Naksu once again,
we will no longer be master and pupil.
[Jang Uk] Is there a reason
you're insisting on this?
[Mu-deok] Because you won't have reason
to protect me,
nor will I have anything left to…
show or teach you.
Stop it. It's me, Jang Uk.
["Raindrops" continues playing]
Man, what am I going to do now?
This is bad.
I miss Mu-deok.
I just miss her so much.
["Raindrops" continues playing]
I have no intention of training Jang Uk.
So you didn't accept him into Songrim.
You merely trapped him.
Somebody help me!
[So-i] It was definitely her.
Where could she have gone
just when I needed her, huh?
Young master!
[Jang Uk] What is a letter?
As long as it reveals your heart,
then it's a letter.
[maid Kim] There's a young lady
our young master is quite taken with.
He's in love.
[Mu-deok]
This is much harder than I thought.
[candidates] Your Royal Highness.
She was always at Uk's side.
[Jang Uk] When you are reading things,
you cannot see.
You must focus.
Mu-deok.